I
yeah I'm Pat Farrell this is my car it's
a 1964 Thunderbird and I bought it after
the states from oil or two years ago
September it was originally a triple
black tab at the American restoration
they took it back to an original Ford
color which is called Wrangler and read
since I've had it I've taken out a bit
of rust here and there being a North
American car you have these problems
fixed up the dude had all the interior
taken out rust proofed and check the
small plates put in the actual motor is
a 390 and that's the concourse condition
so that's the colors exactly how it's
set up to be except for the battery
which is Australian and it's all been be
blasted everything works sperry chromed
in the States I've added the bullet
points here of course is the wheels are
actually a kelsey hayes replica but
they're a lot safer than the original
ones which had less spokes they want to
raid your tire on these so that's quite
safe to the actual features on this
particular model which was the the first
of the flare birds they had cruise
control which is the little button there
with the runaway you can set your speed
it's got air conditioning original am/fm
all power windows power steering it's
got a tilt steering as you can see the
steering wheels off center there it also
they had 50 models had a tonneau cover
and they were fitted out by Ford but
they were never registered so they
actually had a roadster model it's the
last year for the roaster models and
they came with the kelsey hayes but on
that they're all classified convertibles
and this is an original convertible in
so much as that's the interior that they
had from Ford in those days the only
thing here is it's a cloth finish where
it should be a viable finish roof and
the actual operation of the
the getting the roof to come up and go
down takes 42 seconds and it's a
combination of relays pressure pumps and
hydraulics and all that sort of thing so
it's fairly unique for its time and
advanced and they differ slightly from
the 65 that they don't have disc brakes
on the front they've only got drums or
real and just little bits of pieces on
the car which actually make them
different from the 65 including
Thunderbird emblem at the back there and
also the Thunderbird lettering on the
front of the car so they run a 390 motor
which is 300 horsepower and originally
there was only 9160 old models made of
this particular part and the convertible
when they're working they're an absolute
charm to drop beauty to draw if you know
you can have the roof down obviously and
just just something to be believed when
you're through behind the wheel